story recapped here today i'm going to
show a 2003 horror mystery thriller film
called gothica spoilers ahead watch out
and take care in woodward penitentiary
psychiatrist dr miranda gray is interviewing
her patient chloe saba chloe tells her about the
devil who visits her in her cell almost every
night and rapes her miranda dismisses this as
delusions a way for chloe's brain to repress
the abusive memory she has of her stepfather
this angers chloe and she lashes out at
miranda prompting the nurses to take her away
miranda isn't phased and returns to dr doug
gray's office her colleague and husband they
share a passionate kiss until they're interrupted
by another colleague dr pete graham doug leaves
for the day while miranda works overtime her work
day ends with a stormy night as pete accompanies
her to her car she takes her usual route home but
is forced to take a detour because of a sinkhole
she turns left and crosses a small white bridge
miranda suddenly spots a girl in the middle of the
road causing her to crash her car she's unharmed
and approaches the girl in the pouring rain
offering to help her the girl only looks at her
and then she grips her face miranda screams as
the girl erupts into flames before she passes out
when miranda wakes up she's in an observation cell
in the same penitentiary she worked at feeling
disoriented and having no memory of last night
miranda goes wild thrashing her room until the
nurses managed to sedate her and call dr graham
pete then reveals to her that she's been in
the cell for three days and asks her about the
last thing she remembers miranda recalls her last
night to peed and tells him about the girl she saw
he tells her that it's impossible because
there was no girl at the scene and then he
slowly reveals to her that her husband doug is
dead and miranda has been accused of his murder
she breaks down and pete pins her down on the
bed while the nurses try to sedate her again
the next morning miranda finds herself in the
penitentiary's cafeteria surrounded by her former
patients chloe taunts her by tossing a newspaper
clipping to miranda she opens it up and gasps at
the front page article confirming her worst fears
later that night she wakes up and hears someone
breathe onto herself's glass door she jumps back
as the words not alone appear on the misti glass
unable to accept her new reality she huddles into
a corner and concludes that she must be dreaming
when miranda opens her eyes it's already morning
she's directed to the showers where she bathes
with 20 other women she then hears chloe taunting
her she turns around and sees the girl she saw
on the road miranda is terrified but the girl
catches up to her and digs her nails into her arm
the other patients frightened at her erratic
behavior run away leaving her bloody and alone
on the tiled floor at the infirmary pete still
thinks of her to be deluded and checks her vitals
trying to make sense of things miranda gets pete
to admit his true romantic feelings for her but
he insists that he's just trying to help her
miranda tries reaching out to another colleague
dr phil parsons but he's reluctant to help her
miranda is then taken to her lawyer teddy howard
teddy informs her that the evidence is so
overwhelming that they have no choice but
to plead for temporary insanity sheriff bob ryan
doug's best friend joins their meeting but quickly
loses his temper he accuses miranda and flashes
the gruesome crime scene pictures in front of her
she trembles and notices that her cuts are
bleeding again she takes off the bandage and
sees the words not alone etched into her skin
her eyes then go down towards the photos and see
the same words painted in blood on their bedroom
door miranda has another breakdown and is quickly
sedated by the medical staff pete takes her the
next morning to see dr parsons miranda tells
the two doctors that she was there when doug
was killed but insists that she wasn't alone
as she tries to convince them she spots a framed
picture behind dr parsons miranda is shocked as
she tells them that this was the girl she saw
that night dr parsons looks sad as he tells
miranda that it's impossible because the girl in
the picture was his daughter rachel who committed
suicide four years ago as the night comes miranda
wakes up to the strong presence in her cell again
she calls out to the spirit and says that if
it is indeed the ghost of rachel parsons then
it would let her out of the cell her cell door
opens and she escapes to the hallway where she
sees the figure of a ghostly girl walking through
the wall miranda breaks into pete's office where
his computer suddenly turns on to reveal a webpage
article of rachel parsons a surveillance cam then
appears on the screen showing the girl standing
in the hallway of the solitary confinement section
thinking that chloe is in danger miranda runs
to her she arrives in solitary and hears a thump
from chloe's cell as she looks into the opening
chloe's bloody face is pushed against the glass
she tries to open the door but is stopped by a
man with a tattooed chest of the animasola she
runs away and is tackled down by the medical staff
miranda meets pete the next day and asks about
chloe she tells him about the man with the tattoo
and insists that rachel didn't commit suicide
pete dismisses her again as delusional
and warns her that if she acts up again
he'll be forced to throw her into solitary
miranda finds chloe later in the day in the yard
she apologizes to her for not believing her
stories earlier chloe accepts her apology
and gives her a hug but is still unable to
name the culprit she then warns miranda that
the devil is targeting her next at the psych
ward miranda feels the haunting presence again
as she turns around in her cell the ghost rotting
face appears before her and smashes her into the
wall miranda frantically searches for her attacker
but there's no escape the ghost throws her against
the other wall breaking the furniture it tosses
her back and forth against the two walls and then
drops her down to the ground just in time for the
authorities to arrive as the officer checks on
miranda she gets up and knocks him unconscious
she grabs the keys and escapes from the ward
the alarm blares and alerts the officers to search
for their missing patient miranda makes her way to
an unused wing of the hospital and slips into
the pool and waits for the officers to leave
when she opens her eyes the ghost appears before
her she screams and runs away finding herself
under the desk of one of her officer friends joe
joe helps her escape by giving her his car keys
miranda takes off quickly in his car and is
shocked as she catches a glimpse of the ghost in
her rear view mirror she's driving too fast and
sees the approaching truck at the intersection
but when she steps on the brakes it doesn't
budge terror rises up to miranda's throat as
she slams her foot on the brakes her car narrowly
misses the truck and she lets out a deranged laugh
she crashes through the road signs and stops
just before she falls into the sinkhole
in a fit of anger she yells at the backseat
demanding the ghost what it wants from her
the radio turns on giving her a hint miranda
arrives at the home she once shared with her
husband just as the porch lights turn on as
she surveys the house she sees the dried blood
stains on the carpet the memories come rushing
back to her as she remembers carrying a bloody
axe and towering over her cowering husband but
the memories don't feel like they belong to her
it felt like she was possessed she reaches
the bathroom and looks at the mirror
she watches as her own face contorts into an
unrecognizable figure and realizes that the
one who killed her husband was not her but the
vengeful ghost of rachel parsons miranda sobs
in their bedroom cradling the picture she has
a duck the ghost gives her another sign telling
her to go to willow creek as dawn breaks miranda
arrives at their country house she inspects the
house but it's empty she enters the barn as
well but only finds broken and rusty farming
equipment as she's about to leave a glimpse
of a video camera box catches her attention
she then spots a secret entrance to the basement
downstairs miranda turns on the lights gasping in
horror as she sees the bed chains boxes of drugs
and video equipment she plays back one of the
tapes and is petrified at her husband's secret
it turns out that doug was living a double life
kidnapping torturing raping and killing women she
hears footsteps upstairs and is about to escape
when a police officer catches her another woman
emerges from the depths of the basement grabbing
miranda with her bloody hands the woman turns
out to be doug's latest victim tracy sievers
miranda is then brought in for questioning she
gets a chance to talk to dr parsons and tells
him about her experiences with rachel concluding
that rachel must have been one of doug's victims
she tries to relate the same theory with pete but
he dismisses her yet again as she spends the night
in her cell she demands to talk to sheriff ryan
but he is unavailable meanwhile pete digs up his
own research about the animasola tattoo later that
same night sheriff ryan visits miranda in her cell
miranda tells him that the meaning of the phrase
not alone means that there are two killers and
not just duck she shares her theory and comes up
with a psychological profile of the second killer
as she speaks out the facts she realizes that the
profile perfectly matches sheriff ryan she then
concludes that the only reason he was so willing
to talk to her was because he was trying to cover
up his own tracks sheriff ryan realizes that
miranda is on to him and smashes her against the
wall she rips his shirt open revealing the anima
sola tattoo on his chest confirming that he was
the man she saw in chloe's cell miranda manages
to escape his grasps and climbs up the stairs
he fires consecutive shots at her one bullet
hitting open the gas pipe she reaches the
locked doors and screams for help but he catches
up to her she hides under one of the desks as he
gets his shotgun he's left at the end of his line
and starts his deranged monologue revealing the
decades old killing secrets he shared with doug
and admitting the fact that they killed rachel
parsons as he's about to flip over miranda's desk
a shadow catches his sight from the other side
he shoots and follows it he sees a woman standing
in front of him behind the glass believing it
to be miranda but it's actually rachel he fires
another bullet breaking the glass and is shocked
to see rachel's corpse terrified he fires another
shot at her igniting the gas surrounding him
he's pushed back by the explosion and is engulfed
in flames as he turns around to face miranda she
aims a gun at him and takes the final shot
she runs to the door just in time to meet
pete who looks relieved to see her alive and
apologizes to her for not believing her before
a year passes and miranda's charges are dropped
she's walking the city streets with chloe
who has also been released and they have become
good friends she helps her hail a taxi and they
bid each other goodbye miranda walks the streets
alone and sees a boy in the middle of the street
she reaches out to him as he's about to be hit by
a vehicle but the apparition disappears miranda
continues her walking on the side a poster is
plastered on a lamppost looking for a little boy
subscribe to watch more videos
like this turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching